# wimb-app
## Where Is My Book?

### General Overview
In the modern world where anything and everything can be bought online from multiple separate sites, the website Where’s My Book? dares to offer a selection of books so varied any book can be found and purchased easily. This site not only tries to compete with other online bookstores but with physical bookstores as well by offering convenient book searching, audiobook capability, and short shipping times.

### Application Overview
Where’s My Book? Is a web application that focuses on providing a medium by which a user can buy a book online saving time wasted by physically going to a store and searching for their desired book. Our web application will save time by making it simple to find a book as users can just enter the name of the book or search for it within the different categories available on the web store.
On initial entry into the site the user is greeted by the homescreen. On the homescreen the user is able to see a small sample of books from different categories. Additionally from this page the user is able to register an account or login to their existing account by clicking on the Register or Login buttons respectively. The user is also able to search for a book from the search bar and see what books they are going to purchase if they click on the cart button. On the login page the user will enter their username and password to login. On the registration page the user will enter their email and create a username and password to create an account. Having an account is not required to use the website but it does allow the user to save their shipping information so that it does not need to be entered every time an order is placed.
Using the search bar will send the user to the search results page where books that pertain to the search query will be displayed and can be selected to add to the user’s cart. Selecting a book will open that book’s product page where the user can see more information about the book, add multiples of the book to their cart, and write a review about the book. When the user visits their cart page they are able to see all the books they are about to purchase and the total cost of the books. From this page the user can edit their cart through removing books or adding more quantities of a book and also they can proceed to place their order. After proceeding to checkout a first time or not logged in user will enter their shipping details and payment method while a logged in user will be able to check if their information is correct before placing their order.


## Documentation is pending. Please check back soon.
